4750,5450: Specify stack overflow check only in CALLF (#6205)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5450.md

## Abstract

> Introduce extended validation of code sections to guarantee that stack underflow nor overflow cannot happen during execution of validated contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduce extended validation of code sections to guarantee that neither stack underflow nor overflow can happen during execution of validated contracts.
```
